Add Manage External Secretes UI docs (#3569)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/secrets/manage-secrets-gui.mdx

![External Secret Details](./imgs/eso-details-1.png)

The External Secret Details section of the Manage Secrets GUI allows you to view the details of a specific external secret, including its name, namespace, data, and creation date. Below are the details that you can expect to see on this page:

- **Status:** This indicates the current status of the external secret, which can be "Ready" or "Not Ready" depending on whether the external secret has been successfully created and is ready for use.

- **Last Updated:** This shows the date and time when the external secret was last updated.

- **External Secret:** This is the name of the external secret that you are viewing.

- **K8s Secret:** This is the name of the Kubernetes secret that is associated with the external secret.

- **Cluster:** This indicates whether the external secret is scoped to a specific namespace or to the entire cluster.

- **Secret Store:** This shows the name of the secret store provider that is being used to store the external secret.

- **Secret Store Type:** This indicates the type of secret store that is being used to store the external secret. In this case, the type is "AWS Secrets Manager".

> - **Secret path:** This is the path to the external secret within the cluster.

Reviewer: I think it's the path on the operator, can you double check with @ahsayde or @waleedhammam?

- **Property:** This is the property or key that is associated with the external secret.

- **Version:** This shows the version of the external secret, which may be blank if no version has been specified.

> Understanding the information provided on the External Secret Details page can help you to manage and troubleshoot your external secrets as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the information provided on the details page can help you to manage and troubleshoot your external secrets as needed.
```

### Understanding Events

![External Secret Events](./imgs/external-secret-events-1.png)

> The following events can be expected when using the Manage Secrets GUI to manage external secrets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following events can be expected when using the UI to manage external secrets:
```

- **Updated:** This event indicates that an existing external secret has been successfully updated with new data.

- **Not Ready:** This event indicates that there was an issue with the secret store when trying to access or synchronize external secrets. This includes situations such as the secret store being unavailable or not ready to handle requests, or issues with authentication when trying to access the secret store.

> Understanding these events can help you to troubleshoot issues that may arise when managing external secrets using the Manage Secrets GUI. In particular, if you encounter a "Not Ready" event, you may need to check your secret store credentials and ensure that the secret store is operational before proceeding with any further actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding these events can help you to troubleshoot issues that may arise when managing external secrets using the UI. In particular, if you encounter a `Not Ready` event, you may need to check your secret store credentials and ensure that the secret store is operational before proceeding with any further actions.
```

> ### Sync External Secrets

Reviewer: The UI for this feature has not been implemented yet

Author: Yes, so should we remove it for now?

> Once you have created an External Secret, it is important to keep it up to date with the latest changes in the corresponding external secret manager. This can be achieved by syncing the External Secret with its source using the Sync feature provided by WeaveWorks Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created an External Secret, it is important to keep it up to date with the latest changes in the corresponding external secret manager. This can be achieved by syncing the External Secret with its source using the sync feature provided by Weave Gitops Enterprise.
```

- **Updated:** This event indicates that an existing external secret has been successfully updated with new data.

- **Not Ready:** This event indicates that there was an issue with the secret store when trying to access or synchronize external secrets. This includes situations such as the secret store being unavailable or not ready to handle requests, or issues with authentication when trying to access the secret store.

Understanding these events can help you to troubleshoot issues that may arise when managing external secrets using the UI. In particular, if you encounter a `Not Ready` event, you may need to check your secret store credentials and ensure that the secret store is operational before proceeding with any further actions.

## SOPS

### Getting Started with SOPS

[SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#usage) provides an encryption mechanism for kubernetes secrets that are stored in Git repositories.

### Prerequisites

Setup the SOPS operator by following [this](//setup-sops-page-url) guide.

### Create SOPS Secret

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's add a small paragraph on what creating SOPS secret is. i.e it encrypts the secret using public key secret on the cluster.
then let's add a section (or reference) on how to make the public key available in the kustomization list.

> To sync an External Secret, navigate to the List External Secrets page and select the External Secret you want to sync. Once you are on the External Secret Details page, click on the Sync button on the top left corner of the page. This will trigger a sync operation for the selected External Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync an External Secret, navigate to the Secrets page and select the External Secret you want to sync. Once you are in the details page, click on the Sync button on the top left corner of the page. This will trigger a sync operation for the selected External Secret.
```

> [SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#usage) provides an encryption mechanism for YAML files that are stored in Git repositories. SOPS allows users to encrypt secrets within YAML files, and decrypt them when they are needed.

Reviewer: mentioning yaml files is a bit irrelevant, you can just say it's an encryption mechanism for kubernetes secrets

To create a new SOPS secret, start by clicking on the `Create Sops Secret` button.

![Secrets Overview](./imgs/secretes-overview-1.png)

This will open the create form where you can specify the details of your new secret. First, choose the `Cluster` where you want to create the secret. Then, enter a `name` for your secret and select the `namespace` where it will be created. 

![Create Secret SOPS](./imgs/create-secret-sops.png)

>  Next, select the `encryption method` that you want to use - currently, only GPG/AGE encryption is supported. Finally, choose the `kustomization` that will be used by SOPS to decrypt the secret. And then add your `key-value` pairs of your secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Next, select the `encryption method` that you want to use - currently, only GPG/AGE encryption is supported. Finally, choose the `kustomization` that will be used by SOPS to decrypt the secret, as well as, having the public key info that will be used to encrypt the secret data. Afterwards, add your `key-value` pairs of your secrets.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: let's add a note that we will encode secret data to base64

> To follow this guide you’ll need a kustomization object contains your public key. Please see the [get started guide](//url-for-create-kustomize).

Reviewer: mentioning the kustomization object out-of-context is confusing. Just say something like `Setup the SOPS operator by following [this](link) guide.`

> To create a new SOPS secret, start by clicking on the "Create new sops secret" button.

Reviewer: You dont have any new headers which means that everything is positioned under the `Prerequisites` header.

>  Next, select the encryption method that you want to use - currently, only GPG/AGE encryption is supported. Finally, choose the kustomization that will be used by SOPS to decrypt the secret. And then add your key value pairs of your secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Next, select the encryption method that you want to use - currently, only GPG/AGE encryption is supported. Finally, choose the kustomization that will be used by SOPS to decrypt the secret. And then add your key-value pairs of your secrets.
```

 The generated secret should be something like below.

>  ![Create Secret SOPS PR](./imgs/sops-secret-pr.png).

Reviewer: this is not working when I run the docs

> After you have approved the generated SOPS secret pull request, Flux will reconcile it and sync it with your cluster. To verify that the secret has been successfully created, you can use the following command to retrieve it as YAML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After approving the pull request, Flux will reconcile it to your cluster. To verify that the secret has been successfully created, you can use the following command to retrieve it as YAML:
```

```bash
kubectl get secret secretTest-default-sops-secret -n default -o yaml
```

> This will output the secret in YAML format, similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will give the following output:
```

hide_title: true
---

# Manage Secrets UI

At Weave GitOps Enterprise (WGE), we support two approaches for creating and managing secrets: ExternalSecrets Operator (ESO) and SOPS. In this guide, we will provide an overview of both approaches and explain how to use the UI to create and manage secrets.

> Clicking on the Secrets in the left hand menu will bring your to the secrets page where you can create external secrets, sops secrets, and view the external secrets list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the Secrets under the Platform section in the left hand menu will bring you to the secrets page where you can create external secrets, sops secrets, and view the external secrets list.
```

> ![WGE left menu](./imgs/WGE-left-menu.png)

Reviewer: this image is too narrow and too long, it makes the page look really awkward. I dont feel that it's needed, you're already describing where the user can find it. But if you want to keep it, then at least crop most of it, may be just keep the `Platform` section.

- **Not Ready:** This event indicates that there was an issue with the secret store when trying to access or synchronize external secrets. This includes situations such as the secret store being unavailable or not ready to handle requests, or issues with authentication when trying to access the secret store.

Understanding these events can help you to troubleshoot issues that may arise when managing external secrets using the UI. In particular, if you encounter a `Not Ready` event, you may need to check your secret store credentials and ensure that the secret store is operational before proceeding with any further actions.

## SOPS

### Getting Started with SOPS

 Creating a [SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#usage) secret involves using the SOPS tool to encrypt a file containing sensitive information, such as credentials or API keys. This encrypted file can then be stored securely in version control or another location, with only authorized users able to decrypt it using their own private key. This adds an additional layer of security to sensitive data, reducing the risk of unauthorized access or accidental exposure.

### Prerequisites

> For more information about how to generate OpenPGP/age keys and configure your cluster to work with Weave GitOps Enterprise secrets management follow [this](//setup-sops-page-url) guide.

Reviewer: waleed merged his branch, you can update the URL
